$9.7B tech company, LLMs
Project goal Discover how we helped #1 search engine in Eastern Europe to apply Large Language models to improve their recommendation engine. About 15 services use this platform for recommendations, ranging from News, Video and Music to Search Query Discovery and Market. What we've done: 1. Problem formulation and planning 2. Data filtering 3. Experiment environment setup and model implementation 4. Model integration 5. A/B test setup With adding a BERT4Rec model to their recommendation pipeline we managed to achieve an increase of $1M in annual profit


Conversational AI startup, GPT-3
Project goal Discover how we helped an early-stage startup to build a Conversational AI chatbot and raise over $500k in funding: With the help of our team, they got a custom solution for their chatbot. This included fine-tuning GPT-3 to better understand the context and intent of user conversations, as well as creating a custom data set to help improve the chatbot's accuracy and fluency What we've done: 1. Problem formulation & system design 2. Collected fine-tunning dataset adapted for the client's industry 3. Fine-tunned GPT-3 model for their use case 4. Integrate the service with their existing software 5. Model testing and evaluation After launching the chatbot, the startup got immediate traction. These usage metrics helped the startup generate substantial revenue and it also helped them raise over $500k from top-tier VC firms.


Startup with $10M+ ARR, NLP
Project goal How we generated over $2M in GMV for our client: Discover the success story of an E-commerce startup with $10M+ in ARR, that wanted to increase revenue from its product recommendations. The startup team didn't have in-house expertise and industry knowledge to address this problem, that's where we came in. Solution We worked with the e-commerce startup to improve their AI-driven product recommendation engine. The engine was trained to identify and recommend products that would be most relevant to each individual customer. What we've done: 1. Identified a problem with their existing approach to recommendations 2. Collected data and prepared a dataset 3. Integrated content-based recommendations into their existing pipeline 4. A/B test setup 5. Model Deployment In just two months, the e-commerce startup saw extra $2M in GMV and a 2% increase in revenue from product recommendations. The recommendation engine was able to accurately target customers with personalized product recommendations that increased conversions and generated more revenue.

Media company $1.6B revenue, NLP
Project goal How we doubled revenue for this product feature and generated hundreds of thousands in revenue for our client: Discover how we helped this enterprise media company with ‍improving its system for content classification. With over $1.6B in annual revenue and 1000 team members, they were still using basic techniques from the 2010-s and missing hundreds of thousands in revenue. Solution What we've done: 1. Analyzed the problem with their existing solution 2. Collected a new dataset 3. Integrated the system with their existing data flow 4. Implemented an improved real-time model, reducing latency by 80% 5. More than doubled their revenue from content classification We were able to demonstrate the system working in production within 3 weeks of starting. The system has more than doubled their revenue from content classification. This is a great example of how we can help companies solve problems that they just don’t have the resources to solve themselves.

AI Writing assistant $3M ARR LLM
Project goal How we generated over $300k in ARR for our client: The client was looking to improve an AI Writing Assistant for automated content creation. The challenge was in building the custom LLM system to enable the AI Writing Assistant to successfully and accurately generate long-form factually-accurate content. Solution The project solution was developed in two parts. First, we developed the custom LLM system. This system was designed to enable the AI Writing Assistant to accurately create long-form factually-accurate content. What we've done: 1. Developed a custom LLM system to allow the AI Writing Assistant to generate long-form content accurately and quickly. 2. Integrated the system with the existing codebase 3. Tested the system with a variety of content types to ensure accuracy and reliability. 4. Optimized the system for production usage This enabled the AI Writing Assistant to produce content that was highly accurate, engaging, and SEO-optimized. As a result, the AI Writing Assistant got additional $300k in annual revenue.

#1 English-speaking chatbot, GPT
Project goal Discover how we helped this startup leverage the latest advances in Deep Learning and Natural Language Processing. With over 50 team members and 10M+ users, it was time to upgrade their dialogue engine to match their ambitions Solution What we've done: 1. Data mining & filtering 2. Dialogue component development with personalization 3. Model optimisation 4. CI/CD & Deployment Adding personalization to their dialogue engine was crucial in increasing their revenue. We have designed a new system for their dialogue engine and packed that in a production-ready solution which brought them additional $250k in annual revenue

AI Chatbot $10M raised, summary
Project goal Discover how we helped this AI startup with $10M in funding to create a summarization model that boosted feature usage by 25%, driving growth and customer satisfaction. This AI startup, with $10M in funding, was looking to improve customer satisfaction and drive growth for their business. To do this, they needed to develop a summarization model that could be integrated into their existing chatbot solution. This would enable the chatbot to provide concise, accurate summaries of customer conversations, allowing customers to get the information they need quickly and easily. Solution What we've done: 1. Problem formulation and planning 2. Creating dataset from existing customer conversations 3. Implemented custom Pegasus model 4. Model-finetuning 5. A/B test setup The summarization model proved to be a great success. Usage of this feature increased by 25%, driving growth for the business and improving customer satisfaction. The model was also robust enough to deliver accurate summaries of conversations regardless of the conversation's topic or the length of the conversation. This ensured that customers were able to get the information they needed quickly and easily.

